c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\BackboneMongo.dll.config
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\BackboneMongo.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\BackboneMongo.pdb
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\obj\Debug\BackboneMongo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\obj\Debug\BackboneMongo.dll
c:\users\lastmorning\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\obj\Debug\BackboneMongo.pdb
C:\Users\lastmorning\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\lastmorning\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\lastmorning\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\lastmorning\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\lastmorning\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\lastmorning\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\lastmorning\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BackboneMongo\BackboneMongo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
